Congratulations.
You have now designed a complete decentralized application,
also known as a DApp.
We started with writing this down nutri-smart contract in Remix.
Then, the use of Truffle boxes for the boilerplate code to write the DApp.
Reported a contract to Truffle,
and then we wrote many test cases to
make sure a contract works the way it is intended to work.
Then, we designed the front-end for the step.
We started the server,
the host of front-end for this DApp.
We also make sure that a MetaMask is connected to
the private Ethereum network running on port 9545.
So, we could call functions on the contract. Great job.
Now, we will design the second version of this contract,
which is the tokenized version. Let's get started.